Ok, so.We have made this audit.The audit is about to be published, on the 15th of Ju- on the 15th of July.So please kept- keep the information confidential.We are just waiting for the replies of the commission, the official language of the EU, so this is only a formality.It's over now.The title was "Many of the challenges of this report would be challenges of imported custom duties remain to be resolved.” Originally it "remained to be addressed," but with the new pieces of legislation that are about to be proposed, as referred to, the problems still remain, that remained to be resolved, and you will see it later.So-So, why we have chosen this topic for the audit.What did we look at, our findings, and I will finish with our recommendations.First of all, so we carried audits because we followed previous audit analysis and findings of supreme audit institutions in the field of e-commerce. There were some audit- audits by our German colleagues, and in previous audit that we made on import.We analyzed the problem on these structures from non-EU countries and their related problems concerning VAT and customs duties. And we will go deeper during this, we went deeper during this audit.And the problem is that the honest traders are frequently exempt from the market by dishonest traders.And this is a problem that has been recognized currently, by the- by the current representatives, and this... this is special intense in the United King- Kingdom.Also, there are only estimates about the losses and concerning the distance from non-EU countries. But these findings are not really encouraging.Because that‘s only five billion per- per year in the UK and losses range between one and one point five billion pounds per year.They have estimated these losses.These represent- this represents between eight and twelve percent of the VAT gap in the United Kingdom, but be careful, because anti-fraud represents only fourteen percent.So we have three times the volume of anti-fraud in the UK, as represented in the losses of e-commerce in goods purchased from non-EU countries.So this is amazing.You are not counting here the intra EU distance sales.We are not counting here the MOS.So the matter is that's- u-. we are concerned.We look, what did we look at?We visited five member states, Germany, Ireland, the Netherlands, Austria and Sweden.Why? We took into account the number of registration to MOS, both in the EU and US, also the volume of the intra- intra EU e-commerce sales, and finally, the estimated amount of VAT foregone as a consequence of the low value assignment release.Following-We also visited the commission and the- and the customs organizations.And the audit period ran from the beginning of twenty fifteen until the end of twenty eighteen.We also considered the new pieces of legislation that were made and all the proposals that will enter into force, in twenty twenty-one.What did we look at? Of course, we started analyzing the replies to our survey. The survey that was sent by a corporate to- questionnaire all member states, that we were possi- people, so we get access.So that is very important to and we have access to the synergy database.That did see the report by this member states on the MOS and customs electric rules concerning e-commerce.All- all the VAT-All the VAT related group project groups, concerning the functioning of the MOS.And of course, we got the finest from the- the supreme audit institutions of Germany, of the Netherlands, and Belgium.And finally, we carried out their own support on different transactions, and nearly nine hundred transactions related to e-commerce fund.So, what did we find here?So of course, we found some positive things, and then will continue with the negative things. As a framework, the regulatory framework following international best practice, promoted by the OECD and the world customs organization, in most respects, concerning the OECD principle.The principle of tax relation was set- setting as threshold be reporting in the member state of origin, which is complied with OECD for the more customs organizations that deals with the packages imported.There were followed in most respects and the commission is now by, in this and in line, and most respects with their work of customs organizations.Concerning new provisions that will enter in- into force, in twenty twenty-one.We try to resolve some of the to reserve- resolve some of the weaknesses in the current framework, their losses on the VAT and customs duties, and that will continue to do.So we tend by the proposal of information of the payment service providers, as far as they- as the trade with non-EU countries is concerned, and we will see that later as well.So why?Because administrative cooperation arrangements between EU member states do not work.We have a new agreement with Norway, that's fine.We are respecting it, respecting trade of information with Norway, this will work.But the problem is with China and the United states.The trade of information with China is not working.Because the China- Chinese on their part, they do not reply and the rate is dropping and dropping and dropping.So if we have information about Chinese suppliers, not operating using electronic interface.So that's actually on our website was registering for the MOS, and we were both- the registration with new website.So how come we are paying the VAT from Europe to China?And we expect that VAT will come back to the EU.And we do not have the administrative cooperation, too, this would never happen.In EU countries it is not working as expected, and we will see later on.And the country was carried out by national tax authorities are weak, because there is practically no tool to carry out the proper debt analysis of the transfers, as mentioned before.And for this, we will try to study, the members did, the approve the proposal to the commission with the payments providers. Then the controls of the commission are insufficient, we will see that later.Of course the commission doesn’t have any moratorium of that, at all. Then there are weaknesses in the current customs clearance systems.Of course, the tradition that the traders saw to be below the twenty-two and twenty-two Euro threshold for the VAT and that will disappear in the future, but they will continue to bail us VAT.It won’t be assented, but it will be less and concerning customs duties, the exemption as set at one hundred fifty Euros.They cannot manage, and we will see later as well because the electronic system in the EU they are not able to stop the declaration.Because- because of the custom electronic in the box that there for the carton release.There are assented- if they declare a value, which is above one hundred fifty, the electronic systems are not able to stop it, it cannot, so this is something very serious, because the operators there has with economic operators.And that decision and that will be the most reliable, but they are not using this system.And enforcement of collection of VAT in customs duties is not effective.Okay, the provisions for the chain of information and the recovery of claims relating to the tax, they have rarely been used by all the member states we have visited, in five locations.It is not frequently used, there’re mismatches of payments we do in member states we analyze. We have access to the reconciliation carried out by the commission and the mismatches between the member states.There is also a problem in the Netherlands they won’t reconcile, as Hans has explained, the VAT amounts received with the VAT returns. And there are also problems with the reminders.That's-  that colleagues from the NKU, yesterday, they explained the problem with reminders of the member states of consumption, that they are not made.Here is- the somebody of related to our MOS samples.We did it’s infrastructure for its purposes so it can handle the infrastructure, which is then sound, and they can see the payments between member states.Considering for example, we analyzed what was reported in the synergy between member states, that only a few, only twenty-two cases of member states that we visited, and the member states with effective member says there were only twelve cases, though not so many cases. The problem is that they have to that the member states were very passive.They, it takes a long period of time to solve the issues regarding MOS.It takes long periods, but there are not many issues.Also for the technical me…. error messages, sometimes they receive it sometimes the receiver is very passive, it is not very proactive. Only when they receive a message of incident, they start reacting. The infrastructure for the MOS is robust.We have not assessed for the one stop shops.This is something else.We received some complaints.Especially from Austria they said they want be ready also from the Netherlands but we have not analyzed because we are still developing at the particular for the customs the import one-stop shops.The problem with the registrations, here we have to differentiate between the non-EU and EU scheme.Nearly eighty percent of the application for the registrations were not properly controlled.They were not properly controlled, regarding the non-EU scheme.And we even found cases of double registrations, which is very serious.Then considering the payment, it is especially the problem of the lack of reminder issuesby the member states of consumption, member states of identification, and problems with the registrations and consideration of registration.This is for the MOS. Regarding the administrative cooperation, these are the chains of information between the member states that we visited, and we compared here with uh exchanges of information. You can see.So e-commerce and saying it is very problematic.And that is more problematic.Who will check that information?Also, the member states won’t know whether they have changed or not.This is why I recommend, to-  two separate instructions.That we have multi-lateral controls. There were six cases of multi-lateral controls and six cases that were very successful the experience, but in two cases it was not successful at all. Because the member state of identification refused to participate in the multi-lateral control.This is something that we try to solve with a new EU legislation in force, because now two member states carried that control, and it is a reasoned request of the member states of identification. They can’t refuse to participate.So hopefully, we will see that it will be improved.For EUROFISK, there were four hundred and eighty in the chain for e-commerce and only one feedback, concerning this one hundred eight and eighty.Member states didn‘t find this information useful, they didn‘t know why they were selected, only they put it in their database and they didn‘t take part because they didn’t find the information very useful.So then we have chain of information concerning three or four topics in the chain, and they found that useful, and then there were straining web crawling tools.But this is something that some member states can use legally and other member states say they can't use it legally. They can’t use the web crawling tools.So the activity is frozen. It is not useful. They are waiting for the proposal on the chain of information between payment and service providers. There will be a database and we will have access.That’s the proposal of the commission.All the information supplied payments had been provided by other countries.That’s the proposal of the commission.We‘re also supported very much and we place the proposal and the report, but I didn’t know that even the commission needs some support on the proposal because now I realize that I asked yesterday that I said that there are problems in the Council.I take it for granted because- and some discussion with some member states we discussed e-commerce and I hope that this is important because there is another problem.It is the lack of control of MOS.Why? There are so few audits. You can compare here. There are no audits.I don’t have data rich analysis, with maybe a lot in force.Also the inspection on audits of distance sales intra EU were not very successful.Then for the customs we have the results of the sample. We went for the courier and postal abuses, and the postal abuses the biggest problem is to tackle that question of under evaluation. You have drones, very expensive drones, declared between ten or twenty-two Euros.Simple as this.They can 't really be handled. It is very difficult to handle at the level of Post Office and for the courier they are abusing the custom relief of one hundred and fifty because they just tick on the box for the exception.Then they stop the declaration, even when the value is more than one hundred fifty.We check that not only in the sample, but also directly in the custom electronic system. We made some trials on member states, it didn’t work in any member state.Only in Austria, it worked.But in Austria it did not receive a known declaration for alcohol, and therefore because this customer relief is not applicable to our problem. So there are also some failures in the Austrian system.So the problem is that the most reliable custom traders are abusing the system.Then we have the recommendation. The recommendation for the commission is that we make use of the structures provided, in the treaties of multilateral system with non-EU countries, to tackle the issues, to tackle the issue of the of lack of replies.Also, to carry out the inspection of member states control on the low value consignment relief, monitor the function…. functioning of the intra-EU distance sales of goods and one mini one-stop shop.This is something that the commission has not asserted.This is why I was laughing yesterday because I asked on the commission monitoring, I said  “yes, yes, yes,“ and I was laughing, but ok.Then assist member states to develop a methodology to be able to produce periodic estimates on the compliance VAT gap on e-commerce.We do not know if the system is working or not. The MOS system assumes to be successful, but it is only an exception.And as we have an estimate and the MOS VAT gap, we don’t know whether the system is successful.And for the intra EU distance sales we don‘t also have any estimates.So it will be very important that the commission is developing this calculation on the VAT gap.Also, very important to export the use of suitable technology based collection systems, to tackle VAT fraud. Maybe that could- that could be assist, the alternative systems of split payment, using block chain technology- proposal of Professor Ensworth.That very interesting proposals.Of course we have this discussion with the commission but they are not very practical, they come into solution and they don’t find any practical application in reality.Also Professor Lamas has made some proposals of the use of technology for the imports from the non-EU countries, but other’s systems by others countries they are not. They have no practical use, but we think it’s worth it.The block chain technology offers opportunities.This is something that‘s being explored by the commission, to manage the database of import one-stop shop numbers.To manage the validity of this IOSS numbers.It is very important.And this is the future.This is the only way to tackle fraud, using the new technologies.And from the member states, like to- like to them to start reacting, receiving EUROFISK.Also monitor the traders compliance, with the new threshold of ten thousand euros. That is for the Czech colleague in the report.Also for the reason that I explained before, to have a separate MOS and distance sales coordination function and their CLOs.Also to ensure that traders can only introduce a valid VAT rate in the MOS VAT returns.Because it is the trader, in traditional, only receives one back, and the Declaration can be sent anyway.So it- it will be sent anyway.So also to perform the necessary checks when receiving an application for the registration and the MOS, to avoid these problems with the double registrations. In case the activity of the MOS traders and the distant sellers cooperate using the administrative cooperation tools, and produce periodic estimates of the compliance VAT gap on e-commerce.So these recommendations to member states, we would be very grateful they were to remember. That if you were to remember them and your home countries, and to follow our recommendations.This is why we ask for cooperation in the matter.Now do you have any questions?